C++ (Common Language for Computing) is a general-purpose, interpreted programming language originally designed to allow for flexible and dynamic applications and systems. It was created by the American Computer Society as a replacement for the assembly language Common Basic Instruction Set (CBIS). 

C++ has been used extensively in fields such as software development, hardware implementation of algorithms and system interfacing, artificial intelligence, machine learning, mobile devices, embedded systems, game development, and data analysis.

It allows developers to create highly powerful applications with features like graphical user interfaces, dynamic programming, concurrency control, network programming, real-time processing, object-oriented programming (OOP), and dynamic memory management.

C++ is one of the most popular languages for developing software because it has a vast ecosystem of libraries and frameworks which makes it easier for developers to work with other languages or other technologies. It also offers robustness, compatibility, and reliability compared to other common languages like Java.

It supports more than 70 languages including C#, C++, Visual Basic, Fortran, Python, Java, Perl, Ruby, PHP, JavaScript, Swift, etc.

Many large software companies use C++ for their applications such as Apple, Google, Amazon, Microsoft, Oracle, Facebook, Twitter, and others. 

However, like any other language, it also has limitations in terms of performance and memory management compared to older languages which might lead to higher costs or inefficiencies.

For instance, C++ lacks support for the hardware architecture, it is not suitable for low-level CPU interfaces or graphics cards.
   
To learn more about C++, you can try a course like Coursera's online courses on CS fundamentals or Khan Academy's free courses on computer programming.
  
In summary, C++ offers powerful and dynamic applications that are widely used in software development fields. It has been around for over 30 years now and continues to evolve and be the language of choice today.